Updated Content in Guides (#390)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/guides/applications/access_pod_from_local/_index.md

Use the following format to compose a URL accessing your service through an existing proxy on the Kubernetes cluster:

`https://<your-cluster-master>/api/v1/namespace/<your-namespace>/services/<your-service>:<your-service-port>/proxy/<service-endpoint>`

**Example:**

| your-main-cluster  | your-namespace | your-service  | your-service-port  | your-service-endpoint  | url to access service  |
| ------------------|:--------------------: | -----------:| ----------------:| ----------------:| ----------------:|
| api.testclstr.cpet.k8s.sapcloud.io     | default | nginx-svc     |  80                |   /           | `http://api.testclstr.cpet.k8s.sapcloud.io/api/v1/namespaces/default/services/nginx-svc:80/proxy/`
| api.testclstr.cpet.k8s.sapcloud.io     | default | docker-nodejs-svc |  4500          |   /cpu?baseNumber=4 | `https://api.testclstr.cpet.k8s.sapcloud.io/api/v1/namespaces/default/services/docker-nodejs-svc:4500/proxy/cpu?baseNumber=4`

For a detailed discussion of the format, please refer to the [official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/access-cluster/#discovering-builtin-services).

{{% alert color="info"  title="Note" %}}

> There are applications which do not yet support relative URLs, like [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/issues/1583) (as of end of June, 2021).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are applications which do not support relative URLs yet, e.g. [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/issues/1583) (as of November, 2022).
```
